Here we have something that should be quite
familiar to us by now. We have a coordinate
frame denoted A and we have a point. Now that
point is moving. It’s got a spacial velocity,
nu, with respect to frame A and I denote it
this way. It’s got translational velocity
component, X dot and Y dot and a rotational
velocity component theta dot but I represent
that by a single arrow.
Now I am going to introduce another coordinate
frame, a red coordinated frame denoted B and
we have a relative pose that describes the
pose of frame B with respect to the pose of
frame A. Now I can also describe the velocity
of the point with respect to coordinate frame
B and I do that by using a leading super script
B instead of A.
Now, the velocity of the point with respect
to frame B is related to the velocity with
respect to frame A and it’s related by a
Jacobian matrix, a Jacobian that maps velocity
from one frame to another.
This particular Jacobian is a function of
the relative pose between the two frames.
It’s a three by three matrix that comprises
the rotational part of the relative pose and
a bunch of zeros and ones. In fact, it is
only a function of the relative orientation
between the frames. It doesn't depend at all on the distance between the origins of these two frames.